# SCM: Smart Contact Manager
Project for storing and managing contacts on the cloud.

---

## Project MetaData
Initialized the project using [start.spring.io](https://start.spring.io)

- **Project:** Maven  
- **Language:** Java  
- **SpringBoot Version:** 3.4.1  
- **Group:** com.scm.scm  
- **Artifact:** scm  
- **Description:** Project for storing and managing contacts on the cloud.  
- **Packaging:** Jar  
- **Dependencies:**
  - Spring Web  
  - Thymeleaf  
  - Spring Data JPA  
  - Validation  
  - Lombok  
  - Spring Boot DevTools  
  - MySQL Driver  

---

## Things to Mind
- I have used MySQL database for this project. If you use an alternate option, update the `application.properties` file accordingly to run the project.
- `spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect` is used to specify the SQL queries generated by Hibernate for a specific database. For MySQL, it is not mandatory, but for other databases, it must be defined.
- **Node** and **NPM** must be installed locally or globally for this project. Refer to the [Node Official Website](https://nodejs.org/).
- For setting up **TailwindCSS**, follow the documentation on the [TailwindCSS Official Website](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation).
- Run the following command in the terminal:  
  ```bash
  npx tailwindcss -i ./src/main/resources/static/css/input.css -o ./src/main/resources/static/css/output.css --watch

---

## To Resolve
- `BackDrop Support` for the navbar for screen less than medium size.
- Auto remove the focus from the Theme Toggle Button.
- Implement smooth scroll of menu for smaller screen than medium size